today unhealthy junk food we're going to
be making Burger King zesty sauce and
onion flavored bread circles mmm dusty
sauce well since I don't have those
tasty fast-food chemicals at home we're
gonna be using Manny's ketchup
horseradish mustard cayenne triggerd
lemon juice did you get all that of
course you didn't so go unhealthy junk
food calm for all recipe ingredients and
details so basically I just tried
finding really small onions I mean that
is the major defining difference - that
onion toothpaste consistency kind of
reminds me of the mix between French's
fried onions and Funyuns we should just
call them french fried Funyuns
like always I use my mandolin to get
those nice small consistent cuts you'll
want your cuts to be about a
quarter-inch thick and if the ring
diameter is larger than 2 inches it must
be discarded now we're going to season 2
cups of flour with what's listed on the
screen
once we mix this up we're gonna slowly
pour in our beer remember pour slowly
because the head of the beer does not
count and that's wasteful in case you're
wondering I'm using Bud Light Platinum
because I wouldn't dare waste my bush
light on a beer batter bash is downright
foolish and just keep pouring in beer
until you get a consistency kind of like
this now from the beer batter we're
going to toss our onions into our
seasoned panko get used to this because
we're going to do this several times
I'm personally used to repetitious
assembly work used to make Nikes of
South Korea that I grew out of that
whole nonsense so now I just make
healthy junk food now place your onion
circles into 365 degree Fahrenheit
vegetable oil for approximately 5
minutes times may vary based on a
million factors so use these guidelines
with caution
all right guys please like comment
subscribe new video every Sunday so next
week I'm gonna make McDonald's chicken
nuggets requested by seatbelt turtle I
love that username seatbelt turtle I'm
gonna steal that name healthy seatbelt
junk food always wear your seatbelt
alright let's try this thing seems too
much going on boy dip that in there ooh
look at that be look at that dip action
mmm how you playing me like that
one bite to the help
small play a birthing room they're tiny
with your nipple I just spilled on
myself I'm gonna have to clean that off
with this
what's your noun dusty sauce you
discipline yours as a bear there's the
Stingers st sauce use this to clean your
zesty sauce uses to clean their rusty
sauce uses it's good that good marketing
and a stop